This obviously looks like some pretty confusing syntax so I wanted to use an entire video and kind of
dedicated to this to talk about what's really happening.
So essentially like I said before symbol iterator is a way to access the default iterators of these
collections right here.
And these are already iterable but we can also use symbol iterator to create our own iterable as that
is objects with which we could use things like a for loop.
So by default a person or a customer the defined object doesn't have an iterator on it.
And for that reason it's not iterable.
And so the first thing that we need to do is make sure that this object has an iterator on it otherwise
it will not be iterable.
So that is why I did symbol dot iterator right here by using symbol dot iterator.
I'm defining a custom or a.
Scuse me default iterator for this custom object.
So this is me defining a custom iterator for my default object.
Now also you notice I added a star right here which is something typically reserved for generator functions.
Now generator functions are also responsible for returning an iterator whenever they're invoked.
So in this case whenever I actually loop through the four of and I run for on this collection behind
the seams it needs to invoke symbol da iterator which will return an iterator function.
Now whenever this happens we need to call dot next.
So inside of here what I could have done was manually iterate through the values of collection but instead
of doing that I use another form of loop.
And the reason I'm doing that is to take advantage of the built in iterator that's on the items array
right here because this is already iterable.
And so I can take advantage of the built in iterator inside of it and just loop through it like so and
then yield the results.
Which is why this is a generator function.
Now as we remember from before the yield keyword is used to specify what the value will be of the return
object that is returned whenever we call dot next.
So just to review and just to kind of illustrate this to you.
I'm going to go ahead and we'll try and let's say a counseled log collection in symbol if I can do it
symbol dot iterator like so and access the symbol dot iterator of this object and you can see it's actually
equal to this function that I custom defined right here.
So just to review real quick.
All we did was specify what we want the default iterator to be.
And we also made it into a generator function because that's all an iterator is right.
It is a object that are excuse me a symbol iterator is just a function that returns an iterator object.
So in this case what we do inside of it is instead of creating our own custom iteration we rely on the
builtin iterator on the array inside of our object and loop through it and then yield the result that
is returned right here and that is then the value that is returned in this for a loop.
Right here the value that is yielded I should say.
So I understand this seems a little crazy at first.
It takes a little bit of time to get used to it but if you have any questions please feel free to leave
me a comment but otherwise we're going to go ahead and move on.